Updates `Modernizing Desktop Apps` eBook content to .net 5.0 (#22175)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modernize-desktop/migrate-modern-applications.md

In this chapter, we're exploring the most common issues and challenges you can face when migrating an existing application from .NET Framework to .NET.

A complex desktop application doesn't work in isolation and needs some kind of interaction with subsystems that may reside on the local machine or on a remote server. It will probably need some kind of database to connect as a persistence
storage either locally or remotely. With the raise of Internet and service-oriented architectures, it's common to have your application connected to some sort of service residing on a remote server or in the cloud. You may need to access the machine file system to implement some functionality. Alternatively, maybe you're using a piece of functionality that resides inside a COM object outside your application, which is a common scenario if, for example, you're integrating Office assemblies in your app.

Besides, there are differences in the API surface that is exposed by .NET Framework and .NET, and some features that are available on .NET Framework aren't available on .NET. So, it's important for you to know and take them into account when planning a migration.

## Configuration files

> Configuration files offer the possibility to store sets of properties that are read at run time and affect the behavior of our apps, such as where to locate a database or how many times to execute a loop. The beauty of this technique is that you can modify some aspects of the application without the need to recode and recompile. This comes in handy when, for example, the same app code runs on a development environment with a certain set of configuration values and in production with a different one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration files store sets of properties that are read at run time, and affect the behavior of our apps, such as where to locate a database or how many times to execute a loop. The beauty of this technique is that you can modify some aspects of the application without the need to recode and recompile. This comes in handy when, for example, the same app code runs on a development environment with a certain set of configuration values and in production with a different one.
```

Within the .NET Framework infrastructure, there's a hierarchy of configuration files that inherit properties from its parents. You can find a *machine.config* file that defines many properties and configuration sections that can be used
or overridden in any descendant configuration file.

### Configuration on .NET

> In the .NET world, there's no *machine.config* file. And even though you can continue to use the old fashioned <xref:System.Configuration> namespace, you may consider switching to the modern <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration>, which offers a good number of enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET, there's no *machine.config* file. Even though you can continue to use the dated <xref:System.Configuration> namespace, you may consider switching to the modern <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration>, which offers a good number of enhancements. For more information, see [Configuration in .NET](../../../core/extensions/configuration).
```

### Migrating Configuration files

> You can continue to use your existing app.config XML file. However, you could take this opportunity to migrate your configuration to benefit from the several enhancements made on .NET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can continue to use your existing *app.config* XML file. However, you could migrate your configuration to benefit from the several enhancements made on .NET.
```

To migrate from an old-style *app.config* to a new configuration file, you should choose between an XML format and a JSON format.

> If you choose XML, the conversion is straightforward. Since the content is the same, just rename the *app.config* file to a file with XML extension. Then, change the code that references AppSettings to use the `ConfigurationBuilder` class. This change should be easy.

Reviewer: I'm curious as to why the name change is required at all, technically you could instruct your configuration builder to rely on XML and load a file named as it was.

Author: Sorry. I thought it was a generic question, and that's the reason I missed it :blush:
Yes, the `rename` word doesn't sound right in that context. Because we just need to save the file type as `XML` type. We can keep the file name as is like `app.config`. How about we modify the sentence something like `just save the *app.config* file with XML as type` ? Because after this step, it would look like :

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13281246/103979774-7edf9380-51a4-11eb-9ed0-37842e689f64.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13281246/103979798-8e5edc80-51a4-11eb-8451-c05fe999409b.png)

Author: Hi @IEvangelist - Could you please share your thought on this ? Thanks.

Reviewer: I'm good with it. Thanks

</configuration>
```

> If you take this configuration to a .NET, you'll get an exception:
> 
> Unrecognized configuration section system.diagnostics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you take this configuration to a .NET, you'll get an exception:

> Unrecognized configuration section System.Diagnostics
```

## More things to consider

> Several technologies available to .NET Framework libraries aren't available for .NET Core or later. If your code relies on some of these technologies, consider the alternative approaches outlined in this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Several technologies available to .NET Framework libraries aren't available for .NET Core or .NET 5. If your code relies on some of these technologies, consider the alternative approaches outlined in this section.
```

Application domains (AppDomains) isolate apps from one another. AppDomains require runtime support and are expensive. Creating additional app domains isn't supported. For code isolation, we recommend separate processes or using containers as an alternative. For the dynamic loading of assemblies, we recommend the new <xref:System.Runtime.Loader.AssemblyLoadContext> class.

> To make code migration from .NET Framework easier, .NET exposes some of the AppDomain API surface. Some of the APIs function normally (for example, <xref:System.AppDomain.UnhandledException?displayProperty=nameWithType>), some members do nothing (for example, <xref:System.AppDomain.SetCachePath%2A>), and some of them throw <xref:System.PlatformNotSupportedException> (for example, <xref:System.AppDomain.CreateDomain%2A>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make code migration from .NET Framework easier, .NET exposes some of the `AppDomain` API surface. Some of the APIs function normally (for example, <xref:System.AppDomain.UnhandledException?displayProperty=nameWithType>), some members do nothing (for example, <xref:System.AppDomain.SetCachePath%2A>), and some of them throw <xref:System.PlatformNotSupportedException> (for example, <xref:System.AppDomain.CreateDomain%2A>).
```
